Improving the documentation (#600)
dfinity/docs: modules/developers-guide/pages/tutorials/hello-location.adoc

----
. Save your changes and close the file to continue.

== Start the local canister execution environment

> Before you can build your project, you need to connect to a local canister execution environment or access a real subnet on the Internet Computer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before you can build your project, you need to connect to a local canister execution environment or the Internet Computer blockchain mainnet.
```

Reviewer: I should have noticed that in the Google Doc as well. The user does not really see a "subnet" in the deployment story – I think it is rather confusing than helpful here.
